Actually, we have something to talk about. You might hit record. Okay, there we go.
Whoever's not here needs to know this. This is important, guys.
We're talking about what bed you get to sleep in at this house.
Are you around this weekend or no? No, I'll fight back tomorrow. All right, if you want, you can stay and we've got a retreat. I'm so glad. Tommy Scope's coming. Don't tell me. Get instruments.
Yeah. We have extra room. It's a small group. I'm serious, yeah.
So I'm definitely playing back because I got stuff in LA by the Friday. It's only an hour away.
The board's two minutes late. That's all. Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah? That's good. I trust you. I trust you.
All right, so you got to quorum. They showed up. Group assignments for the retreat. This will be posted on base camp you zoom in? Yes.
There you go. Is that okay?
People are generally bucking with their co-founders And to be clear, literally this is the first and only time our team is staying in the same house with the founders. That's never happened before. We always get a zebra house.
Yeah, exactly. Everybody's like usually doubling up.
I don't say that. The owner registration.
Although just use that. Pretend that's your name instead of is the third co-founder coming as well? Yeah, he is. Oh, okay. He wasn't on that phone, so we'll… Easy fix, yeah. We'll fix. There's plenty of space.
Yeah. I think they should. We'll get you added, Andre Sam And then… We'll also have to figure out This is what we're looking at right now for carpools.
So… Next bar. Meg, you don't want to drive, correct?
Sacramento. Yeah, it's going to be kind of snowy so we want to make sure whoever's totally, totally comfortable. So Anthony said he was also able to drive.
So this will be, thanks, Carl. Folks going early with me.
A smile. Driving itself. And then we're going to have a really fun little van situation captained by George will be leaving. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Yes.
We'll make sure we get a big adjustment for Don as well.
Yeah. So George has a Everyone that's on that list. It's not many.
It'd be like a big sprinter, man. Yeah, you're covered. I will cover it. We will find a solution together. Okay, yeah, we're good.
Because the thing is, if you attach people to the room maybe the noise is… into the wheels. That's a great point.
High level. We're excited.
Um so I'm going to post some house rules for the retreat. We're going to ask that you follow these really, really carefully.
This house is like a part of the program at this point. We really want to treat it with respect. They keep letting us come back and overbill the capacity and all that good stuff.
We need them to keep letting us come back. So treat all spaces with respect.
Cleaning up after cooking, taking care of checkout. We're going to check you out individually in the morning.
On our last day, we're going to make sure like all our laundry is done. Our checklist is covered. We'll talk more about that once we're there.
But really being respectful of the space and each other We're going to have some fun little activities. We're going to introduce you to another Techstars tradition.
If possible meg i would love to chat with you after this or some point today about some ideas and get your reaction and feedback.
The one thing that we haven't sorted out yet that we will and let you all know more about is Because we typically have one of our founders is a Executive Mission Star Chef.
We usually fly in to do his thing to get everybody, but he broke his leg. So we have to adapt. So it sounds like some people are good in the kitchen in this group. So I'm interested to see if you want to Have some fun together. But we have, I'm also happy to order it.
So we'll work that out but usually you have some crazy mood but We'll figure it out together.
To be bonded to. What's that? Yes. He used to run at the
From your team like this. So he literally was uh he was at this restaurant in Chicago called Alenia
I was just about to say, then the first rule of being a tour guide is not to tell people what they can't do.
That's amazing. Now that has been said, I have to say.
Next time.
All right, we're going to do boxer group chats with each carpool and the team Drivers, communicate with the team.
We have yet to leave anyone behind. We are not starting now. Drivers are responsible for keeping their people.
Keeping their people in check, making sure they have to work on. Meg, I'm going to let you captain decide not partially being the driver, you're the captain of your car Make sure everyone gets where they need to go. No pressure. No pressure, no pressure. Just make sure your seats are full.
Yeah, but speaking of like. Who has Voxer on their phone?
Who has added me and boxer on their phone. Yeah, okay, that's good.
Is that true? Are you sure you've done this? Because usually I get a notification. I get asked.
They have to send you a text message. Okay, send me a message on Voxer if you have it so that I have your stuff.
And if you don't have boxer Download it right now.
Like immediately right now. Okay. You don't want random text chats. This like gives you everyone's name immediately. I got it. I got Alex. I got Vivian.
Let's go. Okay, this is what I need because I'm going to make these groups. I'm going to add phony and George and people and all these things Good. Jopped in the shoe.
Still missing some people. I know they're good. Encourt, have you got it?
I just didn't have to. Okay.
Who else? You guys are good.
All right, cool. If you don't do it, then you will miss out on things.
All right, we're good. Awesome. Last few little notes before we bring Burhan in.
Is everyone excited for the kickoff tonight? Meet some people. Awesome. So I know we talked about like people you want to meet making those lists um Can't guarantee that everyone's going to be in the room tonight, but tonight is a chance to start meeting some of those people.
So we'll have a lot of alumni, a lot of mentors, people from all over the community, Friends of Techstars, partners.
Some investors as well. But the ethos here is people really want to help you tactically You won't have to pitch anyone directly. We're going to have you all introduce yourselves on stage for a minute.
And then from there, it's going to be just communicating with people, sharing your challenges, seeing what people are willing to help with. Really friendly crowd, we'll have some drinks. We'll have some LaCroix.
Beers and all that good stuff. But it's a really good chance to meet people and hang out. The space is really cool. There's a tree house.
Our friends over at Future House are, it's a nonprofit AI research organization. So you can also learn more about what they're up to. Some cool stuff.
And um That's it. Any questions?
Rapper times, pitches. Who's going to be there?
Feeling good? I mean, I'll just say like we did this once for the first time last program That was good. It was a good start. Good kick out was a solid group. I think it was like probably like 50 people, there'd be another number like 100
40 people I think we have a lot of people who signed up more than ever before so RCVs, you can never actually know who's going to show up but We'll probably look at, there's a non-zero chance it's like 100 people.
So it might be a sizable group. You guys can take advantage of that and hopefully meet a lot of good folks.
How much of that space will we have on vehicles for tomorrow?
So if we're checking out.
On Saturday? Yeah. You might want to bring your stuff here. Yeah, excess bags can be left in the founder room that'll be locked up and safe over the weekend. No one's going to be in there.
Make sure you guys close the window. Close the curtains if you're leaving luggage in there.
How like how many bags do you have? We should be fine.
I think it's a tough place to the office in the background. Let's do big bags downstairs.
I'll say that. If you really want it secure, you can also leave it up here.
That's right.
Well, we got two minutes till Virhan jumps in. How's everyone feeling?
I guess I can say a quick thing. So I posted in Basecamp the slides from this morning.
In the talk. I know we ran over time, so I apologize. But if anyone missed anything important, you can watch the final few minutes in the recording.
I also posted a JTVD checkpoint example. He's going to be joining us for the retreat this weekend.
That's just one reference point. It's not particularly formal. I just want to know how it's going.
So if you've done interviews, how are they going? What have you learned? Talk us through your screening criteria, any refinements or updates you need to make. And if you have any challenges, if you want to talk through any strategy to get feedback.
For your next steps. So five minutes each, we'll talk through it. It'll be pretty chill.
Cool. Awesome. Also just flagging a bunch of additional workshop resources will pop up in Basecamp on Friday.
And we are nearly up to date with recording. So if there's anything you missed, those are all in Basecamp.
Did we introduce Sambo?
Hi, everyone. I think I've met most of you guys yesterday, but my name is Sambo. I'm also I'm roommates, okay. I'm also studying at UC Berkeley, setting a lecture for engineering, computer science and business.
A little bit of me. I'm super, I'm a founder myself. I try creating things here and there, little side projects.
And I'm here to learn a lot from all of you guys, experienced founders and Yeah, I just can't learn a lot from you guys and just here to have fun.
I don't know if we've discussed this, but we did not know that they were roommates when we hired them.
I'm still not over it. I don't think I will be.
How that happened. So regarding email that there were two spots. And then I'm like, perfect. I'm like, all right, let's run this. Let's get in together And the whole time, like, blah, blah, blah, started working out. And then I think there was a call with um
And then, yeah, I scratched the interview because my thought was right after his and theirs went over like I'll try going like two minutes early and he was on the call. That would be funny if you guys would like soft now. And the other person's, like, zoomed or something. Yeah.
It was one link and Neil didn't turn on the waiting room like I told him to. I did not behave and that's what happened. So I enabled this comedic moment. You're welcome.
Erlan, how are you doing?
Good. How are you?
Can we get this volume? Matt.
Beautiful. All right, let's get into KPIs. So Virhan here
Out of our Oakland Spring 24 cohort. Rohan, do you want to introduce yourself a little bit?
We'll get into the session.
Hey guys, I'm Brian, co-founder and CEO of Rhonda AI. We build AI receptionists for dental service organizations, which are like PE-back groups that roll up hundreds of dental clinics.
Yeah, super excited.
Beautiful. So we discussed KPIs a little bit in that OKR session last week but here's where we're getting into the nitty gritty, how to set your kpis And Burhan's here to add color examples and lived experience of how KPIs affect your business in the day to day.
You'll be hearing more from Burhan throughout the cohort, but he is huge on data-driven decisions and has some really interesting stories about how These KPIs have informed how even like the one-liner he just shared has shifted over time So excited to
Into it. Real quick.
So that's great. He's not going to be in Tahoe. He is going to be… Joining us for another session later down the line.
Talk about raising money. Cool. So another key thing why we invited Burhan is Burhan actually is part of the reason why you all are here.
So remember your challenge series assignments We bring in some graders and Burhan actually helped us evaluate some of your KPIs so Excited to get him to share his perspective on how y'all are doing as well.
So… What are the purpose of KPIs?
Focused on the right things. Tracking progress.
Yes. Why do we use KPIs?
Are they important to you guys? Like, you guys care about your… Are you using them? Yeah.
Yeah, to achieve OKRs. Yeah.
Are reacting. Speakers or… Objective understanding of how people are reacting to your product and features Can I see another hand?
Keeps you focused and accountable. Love it. So… Your KPIs will change over the course of your business, but at its core.
We want to identify your KPIs by following your customer's journey so that you know what to do to grow during textures and beyond. So it's a little bit of a different take. People can get a little bit into the semantics of like what KPIs are, what they're measuring, why they matter.
But we want to understand how to make your customers how to help your customers make progress.
We want to identify the two to three KPIs that you need to understand, track, and goal set to drive progress.
Excuse me. We're going to figure out what KPIs make sense for your business.
And we're going to show how KPIs are critical to your business's success.
So what gets measured, what gets managed? Vivian, you kind of nailed it. It's tracking your progress.
At its core. And then to give a little bit more color as to how this, to why this matters down the road.
Neil, do you want to share the TradingView example? Oh, yeah. I mean, we kind of… you mean like the like the class investment story or yeah oh did we cover that already i think i shared that, but I'll remind you guys really quickly. I talked about the class in 2013 with TradingView in Chicago
That's like one of the biggest outcomes of text artists all time. They were able to identify both the metrics and other data points that is where that business is going to take off when we had a program. So the founders band together and
They were able to participate in their next round and everyone shared on the outcome of that side of that class.
So obviously tracking you know your metrics on a weekly basis Some of you guys start to experience real traction You might be able to join in on the fun.
Yeah, and they were able to identify through their KPIs they were able to scale effectively without taking on much outside capital. So there are multiple millionaires in that class just due to this investment.
And it's one of the biggest outcomes for Techstars of all time, despite not being necessarily the highest valuation of all the businesses. They were able to do this really, really efficiently and provide outsized outcomes.
Which is great. All right.
Kpis are how you measure your progress, but I really want to tap into the fact that these are very, very, very tied to your financial model.
We discussed this with Troy. It's basically a mini version of your financial model. It's how you're doing um If… Your KPIs should be driving progress within your financial model.
So it's the most basic form of your model. And indicates whether your business is going to be successful or not.
We will be using financial models to create KPIs at its core.
And then we'll also be using KPIs in investor updates. So one thing that was present throughout all of the investor updates we saw on Monday.
All of them included KPIs. It's the foundation of your fundraising narrative. It's the lines, not dots that we want to show all of your stakeholders.
Uh it's it's your traction, it's your progress. So it's also your opportunity to steer the conversation and choose the narrative that you want to tell and get investors to continue reaching out and continue the conversation.
I don't know if you want to tap in onto like how you See?
I am the totally wrong person to talk about investor updates.
I basically stopped sending investor updates after Techstars, which you should not do.
But I'm a proponent for doing it in certain situations. I think I did it the right way.
But yeah.
Oh, you're…
A little troubleshooting. Big shiny head
Okay. At a high level, we like to think about KPIs as almost a pyramid. At the top is going to be your primary or North Star metrics.
These are the main guiding forces that show measurable progress in your business.
So to go through What are some examples that you think as potential North Star metrics.
Yeah.
How many clients or triples i have how many of them consolidate like
Sales funnel. We'll get into that in a bit.
Great. At its core, revenue is huge.
Or… This is more B2C.
Usage and engagement can be ways to lean into this and better understand it.
Engagement as well for B2B and enterprise contracts, pilots, retention metrics.
And then for product development, there are a couple of ways you can look at that. We'll get into ways to measure product progress a little bit later in program, but if you want to get a head start, you should read Shape Up.
There are a bunch of different methodologies, but that's a good one.
So do we notice anything absent from the B2B section.
Right? Switching to other teams.
There's a lot of it also that the likely indicators versus legal indicators.
To get some better sense of kind of conversion metrics or totally Totally. Absolutely.
Anyone else have any comments here? Cool. So these are absolutely lagging indicators.
Yeah, I just had a question about like it's so if you have like proper metrics like that.
Line the codes of future shifts Yeah, that way.
So it's really hard to track product development. They're looking at lines of code, features shipped.
How else should they be thinking about it? Virhan, how are you doing that?
Velocity. I mean, I don't know how many of you guys use issue management platforms, but those are key. I think the only way to measure product development is number of issues resolved and a number of product feature is shipped. And so you can just trot that velocity on like linear. That's what we do.
But super, super important.
Awesome. In terms of the little sneaky thing that's absent up there, unpaid pilots.
Anything where you're not making money? It's not real. Yeah.
Unpaid pilots are not real pilots.
Yeah, but you've got zero margin. You do something afterwards.
Maybe discountful, but just to get them in. Erhon, what do you think?
Sorry, I did not hear anything he said.
Speak up a little bit for me here. Just reminding everyone, those mics for how folks hear you But at cost pilots where people are paying for it, but you're not making any profit
I mean, yeah, I guess it's a good indicator but um realistically, you got to figure out why you're not charging them more than that. Is there a price sensitivity issue?
Or is it purely just let's prove out the thesis and then charge them more, right?
If there's price sensitivity, then that's a problem because if you can never be profitable, that's an issue.
If it's not the end of the world because by having a little bit of friction, you want friction, right? So they're actually having skin in the game.
But I think what Berg on saying, and I'm sure this is your standard, he's interested in actually making money as soon as possible.
So definitely want to test it out.
Yeah.
Just a question on revenue. So let's start with a lot of volatility on And if we showed us an API to investors that we're doing updates What's the best way to say communicate with a downtrend for a couple of months.
So early stage revenue is an unstable indicator. How do you explain downtrends?
Over the course of several months if the progress isn't totally up and to the right.
Wait, this is fundraising-wise?
Or just like in general? Just in general how to provide updates when things are going wrong.
I think this is less of a KPI thing and more of a communication thing. Like we discussed in the updates talk um we want to see what you're doing about it and how you're understanding challenges.
Why is revenue going down? And we'll talk more about secondary KPIs and how you can measure that, identify the problems and communicate about them.
But that if it's an intentional slowdown, then it's a storytelling thing. If it's not intentional, then we need to dig further into secondary KPIs and understand where the leaky bucket is and how to fix it.
Like from the primary metrics from an early stage startup, I guess, is revenue kind of the right like you're starving sometimes revenue baked in the idea of like price that's going to impact that and you're so focused on changing price to
I'm trying to like bounce out like This is the right time to focus on that At one point, you do want to see if they pay. That's one indicator that's a pro for that. At the same time there also to focus on right here.
What other metrics So that's a help balance that output you've seen like revenue is a good primary at the early stage.
Hormone balance between focusing on usage and product dev versus revenue as an early stage startup. Worried he's going to get too focused on price sensitivity and playing around with that versus focusing on other stuff?
I think there's a distinction to be made between B2B and B2C. I think for B2C, yes, there's other North Star metrics to target other than revenue.
But if you're talking on a pure b2b play, then there is no other metric that is more important than revenue. In fact, there's only one metric that really matters and that's revenue.
I don't think pricing matters as much, right? I think it's just how were you pricing and what is the revenue relative to that pricing?
It's like, hey, I had $200 in revenue last month, but we were only priced at $10. This month we've got $1,000 in revenue, but we upped the pricing to a hundred bucks.
That matters.
I think this one's relevant to the KPIs, but it's more about like what you do with them. So like you got your KPIs.
Say something is not going. If everything's going good, then whatever, that's great.
Let's say it's not going as good at what point like do you have to immediately like it's a one time okay it's not great. Fine, let's see how it plays out you will like to do on a two month base three month base quarterly basis and then like do you take action on it like at what point do you say like
Now I need to act on this one.
I think this is the right time to bring up my firing SMB story. I don't know if you wanted to wait until later.
Good.
So, um. We launched our first enterprise customer in September.
And in tandem with launching that customer, we decided we were going to also target SMBs. So like individual clinics.
And in November, we had onboarded like a couple dozen, maybe a dozen dental clinics that were individual practices.
And right around the halfway mark of November, we started to see churn.
So in fact, we started to see very high churn, like 50% churn. And so then we looked into why that was happening And pretty much the secondary metric for us underneath churn turned out to be collar drop-off rate.
And just call volume in general. So if a clinic saw less than 10 calls after hours.
Or during on hours, like as overflow overflow being like if the call would get missed, we pick it up.
If they saw less than 10 calls a day, you can pretty much assume if that happens consistently for a week Slenic is going to turn. And that was true for us.
And so I started noticing that halfway point of November, end of November, early December started coming along.
And that trend continued within the SMBs. Yet the enterprises never churned. There was 0% churn there.
So we looked into the call volume. Yes. So basically. We saw that we saw that there's high drop off rates with patients because a lot of our SMBs had just like an older patient crowd, so like 60 plus And then on top of that, every single one of these clinics saw less than 10 calls per day.
And so then we started to dig into why did Why do these clinics even come to us if they saw less than 10 calls a day? You told me that missed calls was a problem for you guys.
Well, it turns out they actually didn't look into the metrics and they just assumed missed calls were a problem for them.
And really why they purchased our product was because they noticed that AI was becoming a big thing and they wanted to be a part of the trend.
And so I guess the TLDR of this is we noticed We brought it down to like three major two or three major KPIs that were driving that churn.
And that allowed us to figure out what was the underlying motivation of our customers to purchase our product in the first place.
And once we realized that almost all of these customers purchase our product because of the hype.
We decided we are no longer servicing SMBs. They're too much of a headache. These people want too much and ask for too much from us compared to our enterprise customers and they're just not worth serving because the amount of time we put into selling
To an SMB is pretty much the exact same amount of time you spend selling to an enterprise.
So I guess that goes back to like opportunity size as a KPI or tracking. But yeah.
So we no longer service individual clinics because of that. And I acted on that, like, I think within two weeks.
And that was the best decision I've ever made.
We good? Good.
So going back to this. We noticed that these are lagging indicators. What else?
Output? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not an input?
There's also, I mean, there's a question around like what is which is good what you see retention metrics like in some cases retention good retention metric is going to be What's that? And sometimes it couldn't be depressing.
It's a kind of subset of reference foot triangulate Yeah, deciding where the goalposts are It's interesting. So another thing about these primary metrics They're really hard to move.
It's really hard. If you're looking at just revenue engagement like that's really nebulous. It's a high level goal, but it's really hard to break down into like what are you going to do about it what are you going to do to get more revenue?
So under this primary metric. Revenue, this is where we get into secondary KPIs.
So these are your supporting metrics. And this is more focused on what you are doing or optimizing each week. This is what we'll be talking about the most on the ground. This is what we'll be tracking most closely. They'll all be tied into a primary metric.
But when people discuss KPIs, they're the conversation tends to surround these secondary metrics. So call volume, Carlo, this is where your sales funnel steps come in as supporting metric of metric revenue.
And we want to see a sort of like nested set of secondary metrics under each primary KPI that you have.
And you'll be able to optimize these week over week, drive impact, understand what's going right, what's going wrong on a much more granular level.
And um it's yeah conversions through different steps in the funnel So for example.
If you're a short-term rental business It's not immediately clear how you drive revenue. That's your primary KPI.
So secondary metrics. What could they be?
Sorry? Victory?
I'll just flow through these. Like inventory on platform price responsiveness of host site metrics, like all these things can impact how revenue uh moves through their business. These are like leaky buckets that could be plugged, things that can be tracked and measured.
Everything here is measurable. You can see how many homes you have on the platform. You can see the average price of inventory.
Response rate of hosts. These are all pieces of data that you can get your hands on and see how they move over time.
So, Virhan, do you want to share any examples of how you set this up within your thought processes?
Yeah, I mean… I guess I can talk about what are two to three secondary metrics are. And how many, I guess how many people in the class are B2B SaaS companies?
All of them? Okay, cool. So there's a lot to be really relevant to you.
First KPI is sales cycle. So time from prospect being engaged to deal closed.
Second thing we track is conversion rate. So how many customers convert after meeting number one or meeting number two.
And then the third thing we track are how many touch points are we making per day on an outbound sales cycle?
So all three have a correlation to increasing revenue. The longer the sales cycle, obviously the slower the revenue growth the lower the conversion rate on meetings.
The slower the revenue growth And then what was my third one?
Yeah, whatever it was that contributes. What was that?
Touch points in your outbound sales cycle?
Yes. Yeah. So if you, you know, if you're not making as many touch points per day, obviously there's not as many people converting.
How'd you learn? Go ahead.
Because you just have a smaller funnel. I guess… Go for it. No, no, go.
Oh.
How'd you land on the two meetings? Like version right after two meetings Was there any formal experimentation or did that just shake out?
Yeah, no, it just made a lot of sense. I guess a part of like The B2B sales is just figuring is just pattern recognition, right? You figure out, okay, who are the champions versus who are the decision makers and how many
Real meetings do you need to have before they can make a decision?
And I guess the biggest point of that is you giving up control versus retaining control. I think a lot of founders make the mistake of giving control to the customer to decide how they want to structure the sales cycle
And what steps they want to initiate. Versus if you just hop on and say, hey, guys.
Fuck everything you're talking about. These are the meetings we're doing. And these are the people that are going to be on the call.
And this is how we're going to make the decision. At that point, your customers are like, oh, this makes a lot of sense. Let's just do what he's saying. And I guess that's just trial and error, right? You experiment and figure it out.
I don't know if that was helpful.
Thanks, Natty. Any other questions?
Upper Hounds KPIs in a moment. How we got to them? Yeah.
What do you have your name. It's time to find good baseline.
How do you find benchmarks depending on your industry or space?
We're just figuring out old stuff Yeah, there's public information, but how do you utilize it? Is there anything more nuanced than that?
I think you really have to go reach out to incumbents in your space. What we did to figure out what are, so I think a good KPI to focus on for this point is the sales cycle. I went to all the big enterprises in my space that were
Building adjacent products, I guess. A good example is like next health They build online scheduling software for dental clinics. They've got like a big foothold in the market. They're a $2 billion company.
I reached out to the CEO and asked for a meeting.
Hopped on with him and asked him like point blank, how long does it take for you to sell to an enterprise DSO.
And he said, generally the decision-making process from like start to end takes about six to 12 months.
So that's your benchmark right there. And that's the benchmark we started with. So we know that the sales cycle is going to take between half a year and a full year.
How do we cut that down from that to like 30 to 60 days? And that's what we optimized for. And by the way, we got it down to 30 to 60 days.
So talking to someone who's selling to the same customers And learning from them.
Beautiful. Getting back into this.
Your primary KPIs, we don't want them to be too creative.
This is the benchmark of like how you're going to be compared to others in your industry.
So revenue, like all these high level things stick to the four primary kpis keep it easy, keep it understandable, make it clear where you stand within your stage.
It's it's how it's how you're measured.
These secondary KPIs. Your inputs, what you're doing day to day, that'll be much more specific to your business. That's where you'll figure out where your sales cycle fits in, how to optimize for that engagement, whatever that looks like for you.
Any examples on any examples how you've been benchmarked Or is this not too relevant to your experience?
Yeah, no, nothing on this. My KPIs are very creative.
Okay. Love it. Yeah, Trina.
Hi, so I wanted to quickly ask like can very early stage companies like, you know, start with a different set of KPIs instead of their North Star metric? Like, for example, in our case.
Number of imaging data processed is our North Star metric, but right now that's irrelevant.
We are instead tracking like paid pilot revenues and company expenses.
At this point, because that's the only thing we have Going forward, our main KPIs could be like EMR retention
Sorry, is my Wi-Fi cutting out or is hers?
So…
No, no, it's not you. So, Trina, we lost you a little bit, but you're asking like you have this North Star goal of tracking imaging processed over time but you're interested in how KPIs change over time and what you're measuring is different to what you expect to be measuring.
Later down the line. Yes.
Yep.
Yeah, so our yeah can you hear me now? Yes, okay. So what I was asking is like our North Star metric is data units processed and our major KPIs could be MRR growth and retention.
But right now, both of them are not relevant. Right now, we are only tracking like paid pilot revenues and company expenses because we don't have anything else right now.
So how do we like, you know, as a startup, how do we start thinking about like, you know, moving to the right set of KPIs?
I think I got her question, even though she cut out.
I'll just wait for her to come back. There we go.
I think I understand your question. I think it's a natural transition. You're probably focused on the right thing.
Where you're talking about in terms of data units process, that's more of a a client success metric than it is a KPI for you guys because you just know that you're going to retain customers based on the number of units you process, right? Or like the success of like the processing.
And whatever you're doing, I'm just assuming… that that's what you guys do primarily.
But um Yeah, I think as your business progresses and you have more customers, you'll automatically shift your KPI.
Naturally. And I think that it's not necessarily a defined thing, right? You're not going to say, oh, three months down the line, we're going to shift it to this.
So you were saying that it's fine to start with Even if you're doing like the sameness like Obviously.
You cut out there for a second. What did you say?
I'm asking like so you were saying that we can start with a different set of KPIs if you're in the same business and pitching the same business.
Because it doesn't make sense in the beginning.
Absolutely. Yeah, I mean, when we were starting out, like paid pilots was the only KPI that we really cared about, right? But now pilots are no longer a thing because you automatically know that your product is good enough to not need to pilot anymore, right? You're just selling on contracts. And so at that point.
Why would you continue to track pilots, pay pilots when you're really tracking contract signed.
I'm super curious since I know you've evaluated the submissions of all these groups.
What you thought kind of anything you're welcome to speak on anyone if you don't have an idea like what's what kind of stood out what would you have done differently etc i think it's super helpful to get the benefit of your
You've already done the work of looking at these And I'm not suggesting Rio in particular, just if no one wants to volunteer Yeah, any common mistakes from the challenge series?
I granted like 140, I think, applications, so I don't even remember any one specific application I think the overarching theme was everyone over complicated kpis ridiculously. And I actually only graded three or four applications of four out of four.
And the only ones I graded a four out of four were like very short, super to the point, and they just tracked like what made a lot of sense. There was like B2C companies that were tracking like the number of screen time that like their users were spending on their app and stuff like that. I just didn't understand that.
There's three major metrics track daily active users. And, you know, these other two things that made sense for that application so If it didn't make sense why I didn't grade it well. I don't know. I don't think you should focus on this as much. I think just
It'll talk to your customers, build a good product. And everything else will align.
Okay.
Last thing I want to double tap on here. Is how biased this is towards sales and engagement, not dev.
In terms of like the primary primary metric being revenue. Obviously, product work has to happen, but within the context of the accelerator, this is a great, great, great chance to get validation and focus on that. So just want to flag
Different needs will become more prescient at different times but Money's validation here.
So back to the inputs and outputs. Antron, we see you.
Alex got this first device. Um so things that you do versus things that happen to you.
With these secondary KPIs that we're going to be tracking week over week, we really want to focus on inputs.
On things that you can actively do or optimize or change week over week. Does anyone want to share an example like within the context of their business of something you can do to optimize a primary metric, whether it's revenue or something else?
Linkedin messages requesting a demo, yeah. So features.
Number of customer calls. And I've opened emails.
Number of meetings? I will go back and shouldn't be jerky.
So in that example, let's go back a little bit further. Is shipping a feature as an input What's the result of that? And tell me the output in your mind.
Well, you know. So you should have a feature in the output as well.
To ideally… Okay, so the output could be, what's an example in your mind?
Right now, we wanted are just simply be able to explore subpages And as a result of that.
He ended up scraping over 100 pages instead of Okay, so what I'm hearing is actual engagement layers there, right? So when I think about like tracking that I think it's more than just shipping the feature. There's like a few more layers to like unravel or untangle.
So I would just be mindful there not to have too generic of a layer as they're putting. The other language that we've been using for this is leverage.
You heard me say that in CEO of small groups So that's the same idea. It's like, what am I actively in control of that i can influence for that vehicle to happen. So one is shipping the feature, but within shipping the feature, what are you doing to drive the utilization of that feature?
With your usage. So are you talking about behavioral stuff or are you talking about Oh, well, we shipped the feature. I would never measure that. So what's the input?
What are you in control of? Something that you do. So you said, I'm going to ship a feature. And I'm like, no, there's something you're going to do once you ship the feature to get your users to use it.
And to interact with them? What are leveraging them to come back to it.
That's what I'm talking about. That's what you're going to get challenged on that front. So that's the kind of input that we're trying to like give you all to think about.
What was the other one? I was thinking about his. I didn't hear the rest.
Sales meetings. Okay, that's good. Right, so their sales meetings. Let's break it down.
Sales meetings and then the things you do to enable the sales meeting. How do you get the sales meeting? What are all the actions you take that lead to that. There's emails, there's interactions, there's all these other steps that are going on.
And you guys are going to get scientific and have all of these inputs measured. And as you measure all the inputs, you'll identify which ones are the most sensitive, where if you disproportionately focus on that activity, it drives the behavior otherwise throughout the rest of the game.
Does that make sense? Yeah, so instead of trying to Sure. We have a track submit for foot out.
Go down, okay? Holistic measure of I'm like quality of code and How many lines of use like overwrite and stuff like that it sounds like that's a team productivity product development metric. That's what I'm trying to like separate no that's okay but i think what Chloe was alluding to earlier was that
This is like slightly biased towards sales and engagement as opposed to some of the progress on the team.
Those are KPIs. Those are things worth measuring. But what are the top three that are most important to drive progress in your business right now?
When I read that example, it kind of triggered that up Absolutely.
Cool. Any other comments, examples? Also think about attending some trade shows because lots of our customers also like within these type of numbers this ratios as well but i think this is one of the most expensive type of like finding
Customers. Yeah. Thinking of attending trade shows. We are attending some trade show they would say Please escape those those are really sure well but let's break it down further. I'm going to do this. You guys will be so annoyed by me because I just want to stop your nose. And Veron knows. And you guys remember you miss me, guys. I'm here.
So you go to the trade show for what? Finding potential hiding empires. You want some potential customers, right? Okay, so there's some actions we take at the trade to get those potential customers and the interactions we're queuing up.
So meeting schedule post trade show, right? That's a metric. How do I enable the meeting? The number of people I interact with, business cards I get, contact info. So the level of like measurement becomes a little bit more like granular, obsessive, detailed.
Not just trade shows attending. So usually what we see from founders is like you have some big like almost vain metric that you can hide button to say that you're doing something. But when we ask you what happened underneath, there's not a lot to show.
So what I'm asking you all to do is basically to break that down much more. Think through what actions am I in direct control of? Or if I had someone on my team go do it.
How do I hold them accountable to actually deliver on the value that we're hoping to get out of this interaction?
So trade shows, one level, break that down into three or four more steps that matter and figure out which of those matter the most to measure and then bring that up in the KPI.
Cool. Yeah. Oh, yeah. There's a ton of tools and stuff, but I'm curious, I'm sure these guys should see spreadsheets. Berha, what do you do?
For what?
To measure your KPIs, where do you track them? There you go.
Spreadsheet.
Yeah, spreadsheets and a bunch of other tools. Yeah, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. So start simple and then graduate to whatever you need to like make things more efficient.
Cool. I'll shut up now. Sorry. So the choice of the KPI community is really neat.
Preference and so we were talking about limbo But we figured out is it's actually the number of known productions we don't care about the nuclear. We do care about the number of mutants with the warm introduction with a crystal ball that is kind of
Those headphones. And then we look at the conversion rates on these ingredients.
And the reason why I'm saying that is because I think it's very very easy when you have a KPI to try to optimize it. What do you do to get those warm intros?
What do you do to get those warm intros? So, I mean, we look for that so we look for like in our network that we can get a running for the job.
But the putting on that is to say i don't I don't care about having 10 meetings.
I care a lot more about having one more time long for the product chat.
For you? When I have an API that I've defined, I want to maximize it. I want to go and and very often it's only a proxy and a rough proxy for what really matters to me.
And so choosing the proxy right and refining the proxy of a card I have found is that it helps kind of spend time on. So knowing that warm intros provide outsized value in your pipeline is good data to have about your sales process.
But I want you to dig further into the activity or action. So when you're finding those warm intros, you have to get on calls with people and get to know them to get them to introduce you further up the chain. Is that cooled outbound to potential introducers like What does the research look like?
When we're talking about levers, when we're talking about KPIs, you want to make it so if you increase the number.
The measurement of whatever you're doing, send 100 more emails that connects up to revenue. There'll be a delay. There'll be like a pathway and other steps to go through.
But we want to get further out than the warm intras because that's contingent on other people. What action can you do within Brio to get further up that pipeline.
This week so like this week sent 200 LinkedIn messages to people requesting warm intros to US universals.
Whatever that looks like. Erwin, anything to add there?
I think it's important to note that your expected output is a big driver in changing what your input looks like. A good example is this like trade show thing like if you're doing the trade show. Trade show costs like 10K to set up a booth.
But the expected outcome here is you want 20 enterprise customers to sign up.
To use it, right? Then I guess you got to figure out will this trade show even result in that outcome or are there other alternatives that can result in that outcome? I bring up trolls actually specifically because We don't do trade shows. The reason we don't do trade shows is
If you go to any trade show within dental. Most of the attendees that are actually shopping around at these booths are SMBs.
And so if my expected outcome is I want 10 enterprise meetings.
Well, that's not going to be hit if I spend 10K in a booth at a trade show.
Instead like an alternative could be, and this is what we do, we reach out to like one of our one of our competitors or like indirect competitors who's an incumbent who provides like a different solution And we'll be like, hey, we saw that you guys sponsored this event. That means you have the attendee list. Send me that attendee list, please. I beg of you. And they send it to you, then you just
Have access to all those people And you can just set up meetings with the people that you want rather than having to pay 10K for a booth.
So I don't know. That's an example of like your expected outcome output is going to influence your input.
In our business, I feel like we're both B2B and B2C and something that intern marketing, which we haven't spent any money on.
So how do we think about that as an input? How do you think about marketing as an input to driving revenue?
Have you tried it? We'll give it a shot, man. And then let me know.
No.
Well, so I think just to add to that, you want to make some bets, right? So in your mind, you have some small bets that you want to make and some assumptions about what you think might happen.
In a few categories. You don't have to leave it up to chance. You can do a lot of research to identify people within either your category or similar spaces.
To study what they did, where they invested in marketing efforts early on that allowed them to come into products.
What you need to do now is probably different than what you do later at scale.
So you might need to run a lot of small experiments and we do do a workshop on that in month two.
That's actually one of the ones led by the Nutrisen CBO, Dan.
He talks about how he went from zero to 20K monkey revenue and then 20K to 100K in revenue. I know Burhan and Nurture remember that workshop But that's when we get a little bit more nitty gritty about a lot of those small experiments and what they could look like. And a lot of them don't actually need to cost money.
So one of the tips that you'll hear again later we actually don't even recommend you spend much for anything on marketing until you reach some sort of significant ARR.
So just keep that in mind because people tend to make a huge mistake and overspend marketing progress for your sales before they've actually figured out where to spend from.
What works.
Yep.
Awesome.
So… To double tap here.
In terms of the inputs, we want to be able to look at like how many hours per week you're spending on your company.
Like how many hours a week Are you all spending? Someone show the number.
Okay. That's okay. I shouldn't have asked.
So if you're spending X number of hours per week, you want to be able to break down like, what am I doing in these hours that's driving these core KPIs. If I spend more hours or do more of XYZ thing
It'll show up in my primary metrics later down the line.
Do the inputs and you track the outputs Sorry to jump in. I just want to clarify, does anybody actually know But how much time do you literally spend on your business sitting in a book?
What's ever wrong? Sorry. What'd you say?
126 hours. 126 hours, 126 hours.
There we go. You see what he's doing? So what's your number? 95. 95. 126, 95. You see what's going on here?
They're paying attention. I'm not saying you need to track it every week.
But at least for one week, you should give it a shot.
How much time am I actually spending working on my business? And then once you have that number, I bet you Birmon and Alcor know how they spend those hours.
They know the allocation of time. And what activities they were up to within that time. They don't just know the raw number. They know in detail what they were up to within that time period.
What Chloe is getting at is once you understand that, then you take stock of, am I spending a disproportionate amount of time driving my KPIs and my progress on what matters or my what we call yak shape?
Any old programmers in the room know what I'm talking about? Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. So we say that in programming, it means that you're doing a useless task.
You're basically like doing your shaving here on the axe the hair is going to come back So the whole notion is that founders tend to gravitate towards activities that allow you to stir the pot when you don't need to. When you're cooking and you need to let
The food marinate or simmer You're just staring at for no reason.
So founders tend to end up doing those things even without knowing it.
So this is how you identify some of those issues. Absolutely. And in terms of the inputs, it like it could be outbound, whatever, for touch points, like Burhan is insane at email. Like he's the fastest email responder I know.
Because he's constantly talking to clients. Like always he's always responding to customers, whatever it may be, sending outbound, whatever. He's always on his email. Not saying that that's the right thing for everyone but uh he's really, really locked in on
Driving revenue through those customer touch points and like I'm not in his business and I can see that very clearly just by how he operates.
Into leading and lagging indicators. We already talked a little bit about this, but these leading indicators these are your inputs.
So they help you. See into the future looking out the front window.
Your lagging indicators are looking out the back window. It's tracking the progress you've made in the past.
So these are your outputs. Lagging outputs, leading inputs.
You good there? So your lagging indicators help you identify patterns over time?
And as planned strategically, the leading indicators help you decide what to do in the present.
What to optimize for, what to spend your time on.
Yeah.
Yeah, at a high level though with the primary secondary.
Yeah. So is it just meeting what you're going to do in the future and what's happened? And so you define a meeting based on the lagging So with these I don't know if you have any way you like to
Describe this. But going back to these primary KPIs here.
These are the results of the actions that you're doing in your secondary KPIs. So say your secondary KPI is sending a ton of outbound.
That's what you're doing. That's your leading indicator. It's where you're going in the future.
And the revenue that comes out of it would be a lagging indicator showing the results of what you've done in the past.
Because there's that gap between action and like seeing the results of your action.
Is that clear? We… I can give you an example. Yeah, love other examples.
For example, if you have a convection where you're kind of trying to bring prospects to respond as well.
You might have like uh reach out to you. But you don't know why they're reaching out to you.
That's an output. But it's also a unique indicator in the sense that the first time they reach out to you it's a good predictor of what will happen in the future.
Um so that's For me, that's something that really happens to me.
It's an output metric. It's not something that i've done. Oh, it's really really hard to move at that.
But it's also a good filter of what's going to happen in the future.
If I receive more of these it means that we don't be increasing the future.
So ideally The first that they have for me is i have input metrics because I can drive them And I want to be an indicator of what's going to happen in the future.
Because that gives you a full body looking view on what's going to happen.
And I saw us presenting that in investors I want to present 90 meters of skill investors because they are more involved.
Hot, please. Of the fact that I'm creating some value.
And there are also things that are where as things progress into the future.
It's easier to kind of forecast lagging indicators because they're lagging so you know that they're lagging something that happened before or which
There's eventful modulating as well.
All right. Stock vanity metrics.
Has anyone tracked vanity metrics before, paid attention to them? Yeah. Nietzsche, that's What's that face? Yeah. Like stuff like… how many how many people watched my story on on the new product launch. It doesn't matter you know or they're more dangerous ones. I'm going to think of a good example here.
Yeah, that's the same kind Things like being featured in newspapers or something or like articles from your home city or country it doesn't really matter like it doesn't make it are your readers your customers maybe but if that's not the case then it's totally irrelevant
Anyone else? They think the impressions like interaction on LinkedIn, for instance. Yeah, LinkedIn impressions.
Yeah. Make a commercial statement.
Number of hours of work for my business yeah number of hours you've worked on your business this week.
Yes, that's correct. I agree with that. And then you need to know underneath that what happened, right? So like, for example, one I heard during our CEO small, which I forgot who said it.
It was a website visitor. Right?
It doesn't matter how many people come to your site. It matters what they do when they get there.
Absolutely. Huge thing here. We want things to be actionable.
The relative horsepower of your vehicle doesn't matter. The check engine light, you need to do something about it.
For like daily active users versus total signups um It helps you identify the gaps in the pipeline And another sort of another Another thing I see founders fall victim to a lot is relying on cumulative metrics versus metrics that actually show change in time. So total revenue.
Is not tracking your progress over time. We need to see whatever cadence makes sense for your business, whether it's monthly, weekly.
Net new revenue. As a sales metric.
Cadence will look different for every business, but we want to see changes over time MRR, whatever that may be, an active representation of where you are now versus the entire history of your business in a single number.
Okay.
All right. This is fun. So… Brad likes to talk about this golden metric.
When talking about the super user. So do you all have super users?
Meg, I know you've got super users. Who are your super users?
Yeah, big advertising agency. Nice to meet you. Yes.
And she's constantly going to it. I love it.
And she's never going to churn. It's not really like in the near term in the near term, she's totally secure.
And then, Birhan, you've got your example with the um enterprise science versus SMBs. But do you want to talk a little bit more about the evolution from like dental practices to DSOs specifically and like how that group got bigger and bigger over time?
Like the level you're selling to change over time
Yeah, I mean, um. Has nothing to do with the golden metric, I guess, but… What did you want me to specifically touch on? The transition in sales or like, did you want me to touch on sort of like what
Kpis we're focused on with those two types of customers?
Let's touch on both of those and then we'll get back to the golden metric. I know this is a little bit of a different situation, but It's more archetypal than like specifically an individual super user, but I think the example would still be helpful.
Yeah, I mean, I think it's important to distinguish the user from the customer, right? That's a good place to start. Who is the user versus who is the customer? The customer in my in my business is the DSO. So it's usually the chief operating officer or the chief marketing officer.
But the user is not that person. And that person is not likely to have any engagement with the product whatsoever. So actually the super users on our end are the receptionists. They spend the most amount of time Looking at the calls and engaging with the product.
And so really what we had to figure out was how does that scale across the DSO and how do we make the the UI or the product more useful for that power user rather than for the customer.
Because if your customer is the CMO and like you're focused on creating all these like different features or metrics around that.
It doesn't really make sense because the user at the end of the day is not going to have any use for it. So I guess that's one point to touch on.
Anything else you want me to touch on specifically?
I will run through this last slide so we can leave more time for questions and just chatting, but learning more about your business.
So with this super user, we're going to do this a lot during jobs, but we want to understand their story And the activities that lead them to becoming a super user so What's their role? What are their job functions? What are they using your product for? How are you enabling them and how do they find you? A lot of this data will come through jobs.
But then you'll be able to optimize to essentially create more super users.
An example of this like golden metric facebook Do people know the Facebook gold metric?
Like the one thing where if that happens, that person is a facebook customer For life.
20 friends. You had 20 people on Facebook, you're basically stuck on the platform forever. You're never going to delete your account. You return to it consistently.
Yeah. Yeah.
For super users. Okay.
You said customer, I'm like, that's not the Facebook customer. That's the user.
Thanks for clarifying. We're talking about super users here.
Right. Okay. Thinking about this, we want to think about how we can optimize that journey. We're going to map out this journey to becoming a super user and see what we can do to make more of your users, super users, find more of these people who are on this pathway to become
Your super users and you can build KPIs around making that pathway cleaner.
Also like last little thing here, this is going to be hard You're going to measure stuff week over week and sometimes it's going to go wrong And you're going to have to like base all your actions out of these numbers that like
Make sense one week and then feel really rough and difficult the next week.
Just keep testing your assumptions. It'll get easier over time.
And then really quickly here, I want to run back to the three-year visions we were talking about on goal setting calls What is one thing that you have to get right?
For that to happen.
Anyone want to? Shed something out like what has to go right to get to your three-year goal?
Yeah. Great product.
What would you say? Great product? The race product, like the quite strong on that.
Okay, well, within the right product, there's things, right? There's an activity. How do you get an outcome that your user customer wants?
Yeah, well, but think about it. What are you trying to help people do? I know, but I'm asking as a thought exercise.
Trying to help them sell their clothes. Sell more cars, right? So there's some action within your system that you're affording them.
That is disproportionately likely to lead to that outcome. I don't know what it is. You know better than me. There's all these actions that they take from signing up for May to getting like the cars sold.
And within that, there's some key thing that if you pinpoint This has the highest sensitivity, meaning by influencing it the likelihood of the outcome being cheap for the customer velocity.
So for Facebook, that was the like they're What was it the magic? You call it the golden. Golden metric. There's something else it was called.
Thank you. Anyway, whatever, it doesn't matter. There's lots of different versions of it. But at the end of the day.
Each of you within your businesses have that. Somewhat. You haven't figured it out yet. You may not know it. But once you do.
Most of your orientation effort can go to drive that. So we'll help you figure that out, hopefully.
Awesome. Yeah, something to think about over the next um a couple days, weeks.
What do you need to get right? And how do you direct an outsized amount of effort and attention to testing that?
And getting closer to getting it right. I actually, I have a quick story to share. So Jake.
When I was in Detroit, Jake and Bob a few weeks ago.
Something came up that Jake didn't even explain to me. I think I talked too loud.
So the quick story is I found out this is proprietary, of course, so in the family, but I think they get 15% retention right now. So 85% of their users end up training.
Which isn't bad. For them, the amount of volume and the amount of users that they're getting But the actual magic moment is that if someone signs up for Zest.
And if they cook a meal their retention is almost zero right now. They're trying to zero after they get someone to make one meal on Zest.
So that to me is an obvious opportunity. I have 85% of the people i'm losing.
But if my 15% basically at least made one or more moves.
So what do you do? Everything in my power to get some of that 85% to cook a meal. So what are all the different activities, behaviors I can encourage? Can I incentivize them to actually get that done? Can I make an easier set of initial recipes so that the meal you cook first is actually not even that hard? It's what you already have in your kitchen?
So many things. And it was so funny because Jake is as thoughtful hadn't thought of that as we were talking about it.
And didn't have any more data to back that up. So that was a great moment a couple of weeks ago.
This is two years after Techstone. I just want you to know it never gets old. There's always new things to ask and question. The key metrics that he had, the golden metric that he had two years ago is different than the one today.
And we're always evolving and thinking.
Awesome. So we're going to keep thinking about this and talking about this.
Additional things to keep in mind.
Your KPIs, it's a measure of your impact on the business. It's incredibly important. The entire team needs to know what these are and understand what their role is in driving them.
Building KPIs into the everyday culture of your business is critical. Having a shared language on how you track, measure, and where these KPIs live is going to be critical.
Who owns these processes And how do you experiment and optimize to figure out what these levers are that let you move progress consistently and effectively.
And when are you going to sit down and talk about these numbers? When are you going to reevaluate them? We have our KPS sessions with our ERs that are going to pop up later program, which are a really good benchmark, but after After program, you'll have to come up with a more clear shared language and division of responsibilities around all of this.
And I'll share in this deck as well. But we have six minutes. Anyone want to share examples of KPIs that you're thinking about right now?
Can give some feedback. Bye.
I think it's a primary job. Give us both.
So for me, I'm thinking about the very first top of the funnel would be like how many first call customers new customer calls I have and then what my conversion rate is if they sign up for proof of concept, what percentage of the proof of concepts turn into annual subscribers
Or I've run some tests where I've skipped doing a proof of concept, but I kind of like having a proof of concept. That's a whole other thing.
But I think that, you know, obviously revenue is our number one and then win rate is going to be our second two.
Win rate so is that um like your customers uh getting like getting sales, like the value that your customers are receiving? Well, I was making a number of the first calls that we, the number of people that we engage with and get on a call to how many of them turn into an actual audit. Great.
I do have a quick question for you. Have you looked into seeing If you could find out for those companies, like if you think that all of the dentist offices There might be a way for you to find out how many phone calls they have, because if they're using like a voice software like RingCentral, you might be able to find out
Like what how many calls per day they already have so that that way you could filter down your list.
Yeah, no, you're absolutely right. That's exactly what we do. The issue is SMBs don't necessarily use modern VoIP systems, which is another reason why we no longer work with them is because they literally use a landline that doesn't track any of that stuff so
Out of like the dozen SMBs we'd signed about, you know, 80% of them didn't have any metrics on how many calls they were getting So they just assumed.
Okay, cool.
She needs to think. I've had a question.
Just when we're going back to the thing of like And I was saying like even you go from calls and then leads whatever is the action that we put into booking more calls.
Is that a KPI? As in, say to get more calls, I need to do more, I don't know.
I'm like, is that instead of a KPI? Is that just an action?
No, absolutely. I think it's a KPI. I think where most people fall flat is they assume that they assume the number of whatever they do.
Is automatically going to automatically result in X amount of like revenue That's not necessarily the case so if you I don't know if you're doing like 100 outbound calls and only 1% convert in two meetings They're like, okay, cool. I just need to up the number of calls I'm making and that'll be great.
So you're focusing on the number of calls you're making, but you're not focused on that 1% metric. And that 1% metric is going to probably be Unless you have a very small sample size representative of every call you make, regardless of how many you do.
So at that point you have to figure out, okay, is this the KPI that I want to keep tracking the number of calls?
Or do I just shift strategies and move to warm intros? And that's how I how I track, you know, the success there.
Or you scrutinize the calls themselves. Am I actually doing the actions within these calls to lead to the maximum conversion?
Or not. So be more stringent of the actions rather than just I'm getting one conversion for every 100 calls could say, well, I just need to do a thousand calls and then I'll get 10 or more conversions. I'm like, that's not smart at all. It's not dissimilar from
Customer interviews, which VCs make the mistake of quantifying or qualifying all the time.
They think that by you doing more customer interviews, that's good.
And we know that's wrong as well. Quality before quantity. So quality reps all day long. Am I paying attention to what I'm actually doing within the action that I'm measuring or not?
He can't hear you. I think you're just offspoken.
We're figuring it out because it kind of just happened like one of the first users who paid for like a monthly subscription they ran more than they ran it's not just a number of scrapes or harvests we call harvests
That were run, web scrapes that were run on our platform, but it's how short a period that was done.
She ran like 22 within 22 30 minutes.
Whereas we have other users who No, they ran maybe 10 to 20 over the course of week, but he ran it in a really short period of time the next day he subscribed like immediately. So I don't know if that's a
If there's a number plus like a timeframe or session time that makes it even more relevant, but that might be something that you're going to start tracking a little more.
I mean, the entire point of KPIs is you take a X amount of time and you track the KPI over that amount of time, right?
And I think time is the most valuable predictor of any changes you make to the KPIs.
Okay. So if anyone needs to step out, welcome to. Anyone else have any final questions? Neil, any final thoughts before we wrap it up? Yeah, my final thought is that, again, this This has the potential for many people to feel like a slob, right? Something that you kind of just
Don't take as seriously. You kind of waffle around and you don't stumble into. Usually coming off of mentor madness in the month too. There's always a few companies that we have to like pull aside after the first session and go, hey, let's take a deeper look.
And what these metrics are. It's almost like they treat it like homework But we're holding you accountable to something you need to report on. I'm like, that's not the point of this at all. It should be all about getting excited about how well you understand what's actually driving progress in your business.
This is not for us, this is for you. So my only ask in the next few weeks is like scrutinizing KPIs. Go deep. Dig in. Ask other people who you think are really data-driven in their decision making what they think.
Of how you're thinking about what you're evaluating in the business.
Because at the end of the day, if you're going to expect someone to write you a million dollar check someday.
I would imagine that if you had to make an investment in the founder, you want the one that isn't kind of lazily working their way through their business and instead being way more scientific about how they're making decisions every day with how they spend their time.
So that's the whole point of it. So I hope that message comes across and you lean on us to like make sure you're dialing in these metrics that If you track all your KPIs, you know where you're excellently. You know to emphasize that in your messaging. And that was
Complete all sorts of good things. What's the example of one of yours that you're proud of?
Look, a recent one i went I went to a party with a product that was meant for events And I was wearing a sign saying, are you meeting the right people at a party?
And I spoke to over 100 people because I was wearing a sign. Yes, I was a dumbass. I have a doctorate in music, guys, right? But I was walking around with a sign.
And that worked. And I put that into the investor update. And I'm like, look, I talked to this many people, that many signed up to learn more.
And not many people actually did the meeting with me. So, you know, I know that that needs to be improved but I know what worked and what didn't.
Just so that I understand exactly kind of the strategy we've been approved What I used to do was like.
Let's measure not everything, but as much as we can around the whole process for like maybe a loaf or something like that.
Or i don't know, timeline, but something like that and then decide which KPIs within drums Like we penalized drugs, everything, and then focus on Am I right? Yes, but I would say you can also reasonably estimate what you think matters.
And if by measuring those key things now it's indicating progress. Great. Start to measure more over time And if you're wrong, switch it up. So if it's too much to bite off, too much to measure.
To speak bets on what matters. Like Chloe just went over a few hints and examples and patterns that we already know exist. But again, each of your respective businesses and industries already have things that matter. So if you have a
Either a competitor or an adjacent business within the category Talk to those companies.
What do they measure? What drives their progress? You don't have to just leave it all up to chance or in your own mind. You can actually study other people with similar business models.
And figure out what's important A lot of ways to do it. But bottom line is like, if you don't feel like you have control over your business progress, something's wrong and you should be able to measure something to indicate that.
How are you balancing like those APIs that we predict for the success of the company we'd like to Good question. On the business versus in the business measurement of KPIs.
Any thoughts there about how you guys track your actual business like effort within the team.
Yeah, I mean, dashboards uh we i'll share my screen actually It's super important. I'm going to send you a request, Chloe.
Here we go.
To share my screen.
By the way, as an investor, that's always a good sign. When you're talking to a founder, you ask them a question and they go, let me show you.
Yeah, that is like one of the Love and founder community.
Yeah. That is a Muhammad staple.
Yeah, let's make it real.
All right. Do that. One sec.
Awesome.
That's the trick I use when I show you.
All right, I'm back. Sorry about that.
Let's collapse this guy. All right, so this is our dashboard for all the internal metrics. This is all fake, by the way. It's our demo environment.
I can't show you our actual stuff because we're HIPAA compliance, but You know, new patients registered, appointments scheduled, how many rescheduled, how many canceled.
Pretty much we multiply this internally by like X number. So we know new patients result in 100K in LTV.
On average. So that's 21 times 100k appointments scheduled. An average appointment is about $250. So multiply that by 20.
And then cancellations, you know, you take that away, multiply by 250 and take it away from the total number. So that's how much revenue we generated for For a customer.
That's kind of our dashboard, how we're tracking things internally.
Any parting thoughts for Han? Anything you wish you knew at this point in Techstars three days in that you think they need to hear?
They're three days in.
They're three days in. Brand new.
Okay. I heard the last cohort didn't really have fun during or not that they didn't have fun. They just didn't go really wild during Lake Tahoe. I highly recommend it.
Oh, wow.
I will… I'll send some pictures. There's multiple pictures of me in like shorts, a towel wrapped around my head, like with a bottle of tequila running around the house I highly recommend someone replicate Because you will miss Tahoe like this is the last time I think you'll ever see all of
The people in your cohort again So yeah, highly recommend going a little wild at Lake Tahoe. What else?
I think talking about like the hot tub, hot takes. Is that what you're talking about
No, I actually wasn't a part of hot tub hot takes i didn't get invited.
Yeah, no, I was…
I got it. There's an indoor pool, but there was a bunch of nice stuff there.
Yeah.
It's so cool. Expensive. Yeah.
I think the other thing that nobody like really focused on in our cohort earlier on was talking to customers. I think everyone really, really struggled with that.
But there is no better way of building your business than talking to customers. I highly, highly recommend it. Talk to them all the time.
My calendar is literally full with check-ins every week with all of our customers from the smallest to the biggest It's super important. It's going to be very, very… So actually… You would be surprised about this. And Chloe mentioned this earlier, which is the email thing.
For us, for us biggest reason our customers stay with us is because we respond to their emails in under an hour. We actually have a company like rule. Nobody responds to a customer past like an hour. So you have to respond under an hour
That is the biggest reason your customers stick with you because you respond to them very quickly and you're always on top of their sort of issues.
And I think a part of that is like really just figuring out how can you create those touch points and it becomes super, super important during fundraising, which I just got out of.
Your investors will talk to your customers and the single biggest reason our investors invested in us was because our customers hopped on call and said.
We love them. They're literally there for us all the time. They respond to our emails immediately.
Like, yeah, even more than even more even more important than product, I think, is responding to your customers in a timely manner.
So yeah, that's my spiel. I got to hop off. Hopefully that was somewhat… All right. Cheers. Thanks, guys.
Thank you.
So